Add @this decorator to syntax lookup (#180)
reason-association/rescript-lang.org: misc_docs/syntax/decorator_this.mdx

---
id: "this-decorator"
keywords: ["this", "decorator"]
name: "@this"
summary: "This is the `@this` decorator."
category: "decorators"
---

> The `@this` decorator may be used to model JavaScript functions that need a reference `this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@this` decorator may be used to bind to an **external** callback function that require access to a `this` context.
```
